THOSE  LAN.
>> JEREMY DIAMON THANK YOU T. A
NOTED, PRESIDENT BIDEN IS
WEIGHING IN ON THIS TAG WHATHAT
COULME ONGOING
PAINSTNSAY  EASEFIRE THAT I
OULD NED
HAPPEN AS SOON AS MONDAY SECOND
ABOUT RIVE
TO HAVE 'S NOT SAYING
THAT HE ISDHE KNOWS THAT IT WIL
AFFECT THESE NEGOTIADESE
HIS EK, THE PRESIDENT WITNESSED
THIS WORK COULD HAVE ON HIS S CC
RMBERNIEDERS
TO TALK ABOUT AT  HE THINKS SHON
NEXT. SENATOR, THANK YOR. '
WNTHE
DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY LAYOUT CHIGAD
N GAZANDLED THE WAR THAT
THATAR SIGN TOHE
IN YOUR
>> ILL OVER
THISRY, PEOPLE LOOKING AT
WHAT'IN IN GAZA A
REALLY CANNOT BELIEVE WHAT
THEY'REINIT'
30,000
WOUND. WOMEN AND CHILDREN. ITLAT
RES
MOMENT IS THARVATION OF DSF IL F
I BOMB
IS BECAUSETH AT THEDE
HUMATA LUTELYND
SH NEXTREME RIGHT-WING E
GOVERNMENT ANOTHER NICKEL R
THEIEFFORTS THAT ARE
KILLING SO MANY INNOCENT
THE WHITE YOU WERE LISTENG
TO THESE VOTERS WHO HAVE THAT
HAABOUT THE AIAT ESTRICTIONS ON
IT? THE ID
NT WHITE HOUSE TO TALK TO ARAB
FICIALS,L
TY AIDBUSHOULD HE INTI
>> HR S G? WHETHER IT'S
>> WHAT THE POLICY IS. THAT'S
WHAT'S IMPORTANT.
IDT    TELLING
NEU SORRY, YOU'RE N
ME NICKEL
TURDER  D IL IN ZA
THERE HAS TO BE A MAJOANGE
IN IAE PIE T
TWO-STATE D WHERAT WAR,
WEOMNOMBT WANT NOBODY CAN
ECBODY KNOWS YOU
DO THINK THIS THE CONTRAST
TWY
CLEAR. I THINK MOST OF THOSE
OT
UNCOTERSTAND THAT
DED ARGE
HE UNDERSTANDS CLIMATE CHAE ANDM
A PATHOLOGICAL LR,
Y MA AMERICA
CONTROL HER OWN BO? WHO D'EN T
REGARDING T'VE BEEN UPSET ABOUTN
EFT, LLING FOR A  YO
MESSED Y FOR PRESIDENT YOU THOU
HAVE ALSO FACED SOME OF WHAT
PRESIDENT BIDEN HAS WHEN
SPEAKING PUBLICLY, WHICH IS
CALLING FOR CEASEFIRES,
ARE CALLING FOR YOU GENOCIDE, S
THAT'S TRUE. BUT I DON'T  TO B'O
TECHNICAL TERM TO THE OF JUSTIC
ISSUE IS WITH 30,000EA
70 WUNDREDS OF
THOUSANDS OF
WAR ENDED AND ENDED RIGHT D TH'
GOTOWE HAVE A SPECIAL ROLE
BECAWEORTED
ISRAELORYE
THREE-AND-A-HALF BILLION
DOLLARS THE MILITARY AID EVERY
YEAR. AND NOW THERE AR
INGRESS WHO WANT TO GI